# System-Analysis-and-Design

# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
DriverPass is a company in the business of helping people pass their driving test. They offer services such as private driving lessons with an instructor, practice written tests, and offer courses to help the student pass the driving test. DriverPass came to us as a client in search of a system that would take their business to the next level. This system would allow users to buy driving packages, set-up driving appointments, take courses, and see their progress of courses taken. They wanted a system to run on the cloud and to be able to work on the system from anywhere whether it be in the office or at home. We created a web-based application that ran on the platform Linux that met the client’s needs and ran fast and efficient.

# What did you do particularly well?
I feel that I exceeded in project one. In gaining knowledge about the client and finding out what they truly wanted in the system we were developing. The business document has all my findings that include areas like: Purpose, System Background, Objectives and Goals, Requirements, Nonfunctional Requirements, Performance requirements, Platform constraints, Accuracy and precision, Adaptability, Security, Functional Requirements, User Interface, Assumptions, and Limitations

# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
If I would choose one part of my work to revise on these documents, it would be to revise some diagrams to better suit the client. I don't believe the diagrams are bad in any way I just believe that more detail should be put in place. For example, my use case diagram I believe needs to have more detail on the certain actors that are in play in the system. Distinguishing who can interact with the system will help ensure a good system is put into place. 

# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
From tuning into the interview to writing out a business documentation on the interview it was clear that DriverPass wanted to reach a bigger group of people and not only expand but take their business to another level. The requirements and needs DriverPass made me aware of were specifically implemented into the systems design. For example, DriverPass wanted to only give authorized user's their respective access into the system. Therefore, I created a log in system that will require every user of DriverPass to have a unique password and username. Not only will the credentials have to be correct, but the account must be verfied with 2FA. This can be done by sending a code to either a saved email or phone number that was used to open the account. Once the user is verified then the system will know who the user is and give them their respective access into the system. Whether this be a customer that can access their course or the IT Admin that can perform maintenance and any changes necessary. It is so important to understand what the user's needs are because by fulfilling these needs we will make the client happy. The client is looking for the system that they envisioned in their mind. They know the look and feel that they are looking for. If the system does not meet their requirements and needs, then the system will be unappealing and then they will ask for changes that will then take more time and attention from the development team in place. 

# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I approach designing software with an open mind. I take in the needs of the client and figure out how I can mold those needs into a system that will not only satisfies clients needs but positively reflects what the company I am representing. I will be detail oriented, attentive to the client’s needs, and be open minded when I am to analyze and design future systems. This will include creating gnatt charts to keep the pace of the operations going smoothly and creating strong UML diagrams to help the team and client understand the ins and outs of the system being put into place. 
